[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> As long as humans have
walked the face of this planet,
they have wondered--
Who am I?
Why am I here?
Throughout the ages, people have
found answers in meditation,
or plant medicine, or even
near-death experiences.
This groundbreaking
documentary series
features a guided
modality, where
a client will be induced
into a state of relaxation
by a facilitator and prompted
to use their active imagination
to access information from
their subconscious mind.
They may experience other
lifetimes, different dimensions,
or even other beings.
This series acknowledges the
pioneers of this modality,
Dolores Cannon, who developed
the Quantum Healing Hypnosis
Technique, and Dr. Michael
Newton, who developed Life
Between Lives Hypnotherapy.
Watch as real clients have
real sessions with skilled
practitioners, see them discover
that their answers are within,
and experience "Journeys
Into The Soul."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So you better tell
me what I want to know,
or I'm going to kill your wife.
Takes a sword out of his
sheath, puts it to her neck.
Actually, I think they're
going to kill her.
I don't know what to do.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
My name is Ryan.
I'm 31 years old, and I'm from
Belfast in Northern Ireland.
Pretty much a boy's boy.
Really into my rugby,
playing sports.
Went to an all-boys school.
All that boisterous energy at
the university in Liverpool.
It was the first time I
really questioned what
I wanted to do with my life.
I was there doing an
engineering degree.
And I was like, OK, if
you do this degree, that
means you're going to
have to be an engineer.
And I was like, I don't
want to be an engineer.
I couldn't see myself being an
engineer for the next 30 years
of my life.
Probably the first
time I really had
to ask myself these
bigger questions.
I stopped going to classes.
There was a Royal Navy
building just on the street.
So I went in and I applied
for the Royal Marines.
And while I was still--
while I was still at university.
My mom rang me one day.
And I'd reached that
point of no return,
and I had to let her know that
I hadn't been going to class
for the last few months.
I'm actually not going to
be staying on university.
And my mom really pushed
education when I was a kid.
It was a big--
I was the first one in my
family to go to university,
so it was a very big deal.
That really broke
her heart a bit
that I was leaving
this education.
Because in her model, to
be successful in life,
you needed a good education
that would get you
a good job, that
would get you money
and you'd have a good life.
And that really
upset her that I was
leaving that to go on a boat
with a gun, that sort of thing.
So that was my
first big attachment
of trying to keep
my parents happy.
What they thought I
should do in life,
and then that was my initiation
into being my own person.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Yeah, I went on to have
a successful career
in the Marines.
Was there for five years.
And, again, that
niggle of, is this
what you want to do for
the rest of your life,
again, just started to creep in.
So I decided to leave.
I couldn't see myself staying
in there for the next 12 years
plus.
So, yeah, then I left the
military when I was about 25
and I had to move back
in with my parents.
And you go from being up here
one day, this Royal Marine
commando, this big
shot type of thing.
Because it does
feed your ego a bit
when you're in that environment.
And coming out,
you feel very lost.
You've went up here, and
now you're down here.
I think one of the first jobs
that I did was drive trucks.
So I went from
being this hotshot.
I was driving a truck, and it
was like torture for my ego,
I guess.
The Marines is a very
specific skill set.
There's no civilian application,
if you want to call it that.
You're trying to find your
meaning in the outside
of yourself in these jobs.
And that wasn't working.
And I was like, OK, I need to
start looking inside myself
for these answers instead.
So I actually came
across Dolores Cannon.
I think it was on
Instagram or something,
just watching a few videos.
It just really
piqued my interest.
She was basically
a hypnotherapist,
and all these clients
had very similar feelings
that I was having.
Why am I here, and there has
to be more to life than this,
and I feel I'm not fitting in.
And maybe I should
look into this
because if these people are
having very similar issues
that I'm having.
And they're finding
out all these things
about themselves from past
lives and where they come from.
And it's making them
realize why they're feeling
like this in this lifetime.
That was something I
really wanted to look into.
So, she has her own
website, and she
has a list of practitioners
across the world.
I noticed there's a
woman in Dublin, Triona.
So I just booked a session.
No expectations.
I had no idea what to expect.
And it was mind-blowing
to say the least.
Now I'm back for
my second session.
And I think it's going to
be very, very powerful.
So we're looking forward to it.
[WAVE CRASHING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> My name is Triona Sheeran,
level 3 QHHT practitioner.
I'm based in Greystones in
county of Wicklow, in Ireland.
Quantum Healing
Hypnosis Technique
is a modality to access these
hidden knowledge within the mind
for healing or information.
I grew up being different.
I always felt so
lonely, so alone.
Fast forward many,
many years later,
I always felt drawn to doing
something like a doctor,
but I wasn't studious
enough, or maybe a nurse.
And that didn't work out for me.
So, science always
drew in my mind.
I love science.
I love biology.
I love knowing how the mind
works and how the body works.
I got pregnant with
my beautiful boy,
so I went down a
completely different route.
And in therapy terms,
this is what I call,
I came off my path a little bit.
So I went into, I
think, computer science.
I worked in big, top corporate
companies all around the world.
And then I met my husband.
We kissed for the very first
time at the local beach
where I live.
And when I kissed him, I
thought, I'm home, I'm home.
This is it.
That loneliness that I
felt so deep within me
all my life just went
like that with one kiss.
I was still working in
the corporate world,
working 90-hour weeks.
And my kidneys stopped working
and I started dialysis.
Tough journey being on
dialysis for 11 years.
And the week I got
my kidney transplant,
I struggled with the medication.
I was in ICU for
a good few days.
It's a time I can't remember.
I can't recall at all.
I do recall the day
I got out of ICU.
And they said, you're
going to be OK.
And then I got a call from
my son, saying, he's dead.
I said, who's dead?
And he said, Barry.
Barry's dead.
It was a real shock.
I thought I was going to die.
I grew up in Ireland, which
is primarily Roman Catholic.
So I always had a
belief of something,
but I wasn't religious.
And I suppose I was
searching for answers.
So I was on my laptop, with
this lady talking about angels.
I started exploring Dolores
during the level 1 online.
I came back to my level 2
as a practitioner in Dublin.
I thought I had it.
I thought, I got it now,
I got it now, I'm great,
I'm the best in the world.
And then my guide said,
we want you to do level 3.
And it was challenging because
they were like, all of that
you thought you were doing
right, it's all wrong.
Do all of this again,
and do it this way.
This is the longest job I've
ever been in, eight years.
And that is because
it's interesting.
Every single person has
within their own mind,
their own ability to get
the information they need.
And, in fact, it's better.
Then I'm giving you
information that's processing
through my own conscious mind.
And I'm going to filter it
in a way I understand it.
Whereas when you
get that information
through your own mind in
QHHT, you don't need filters.
It's coming as
you understand it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Ryan contacted me about
a month or two ago.
And he came in for
a QHHT session.
And Ryan, again, spontaneously
contacted me for this session
that we're going to have.
He has one very clear
intention, and that is he
wants to access any
and all information
from his memories
and his past in order
to use it for the present.
[WAVE CRASHING]
Thank you, Ryan, for being here.
And I know you've had
a session previously.
I know you've had two
sessions, but one QHHT session,
isn't that right?
>> Yep.
>> What was your main
intention for that session,
and what did you get
after the session?
And that's important
because we'll
be able to go deeper, a little
bit deeper if we need to
in today's session.
>> I just came in
really open-minded.
I had big questions.
I think my main one was why was
I here, what my purpose was.
>> Did you get an answer
to that question--
>> I did.
>> --why am I here?
What was my purpose?
>> Yeah, so it said that my
purpose was to be a guide
in this life for people to
live their life to the fullest
of their capabilities.
>> Perfect.
That's so wonderful, and you're
going to get all of that today.
It's going to be
so easy for you.
So we're going to go through
the structure of the session.
I know you've had
a session before,
but I'm still going
to go through just
in case you have any questions.
We're going to have a
lovely interview now,
and we're going to talk
about your life again
and what you want
moving forward.
Every session is different
every time for everybody.
And in my experience,
people go so much deeper,
even with their second session.
It's really
profoundly beautiful.
At the end of the day,
this is all about you.
This is your session
so whatever you
need to have this
best experience today.
And it's really going
to help you, Ryan.
So, did you enjoy school?
>> I was doing an
engineering degree,
and I just could not see
myself as an engineer.
For me to want to leave
that was a big thing.
It was like going
against everything
that I'd been drilled into
me from my mom, from school.
Everyone I knew
went to university.
No one else had really
broken off from that.
I was waking up
every day miserable.
So I was like, you need
to make yourself happy.
You need to do whatever you need
to do to make yourself happy
every day.
So I just wrote a
list of the things
that I was interested in, the
things that I was good at.
The military was
a good fit for it.
Sounds like a better
success rate for happiness
than what I'm currently doing.
The Marines gave me so
much, and I wouldn't
change a thing about it.
It really shaped who
I am as a person.
It was a huge part of my life.
>> So if we jump ahead
a little bit in time,
what made you leave that?
What made you leave the Marines?
>> I guess it was just the same,
that niggling feeling that I got
when I was 18, 19, of like, this
isn't what you're meant to be
doing.
There's more to life.
And I decided to trust it.
But I was like,
the next thing, it
needs to work out because you're
leaving something good here.
Again, you could be potentially
messing your life up
if this doesn't work
out in the next thing.
>> Do you need to see yourself
in something in order for it
to feel right for you?
>> For me, yeah.
If I can't see myself
doing something
for any length of time, I don't
see the point in doing it.
I don't know why it
affects me so much.
I know you start to feel
like you're broken a bit.
You start to feel like,
what is wrong with me?
Because everyone else
seems to be OK with just
working these jobs.
And they're really happy
doing the 9 to 5 thing.
And so I'm starting
to think, am I broken?
Is there something
wrong with me?
Am I destined to feel like this?
Am I destined to
feeling miserable?
>> Am I broken?
>> Yeah, that feeling of
like, why is everyone else OK
and I'm the one who's
feeling I can never be happy.
>> You're feeling lost, feeling
different, feeling alone.
A lot of people feel like that
for different kind of reasons.
Did you get clarity or
an answer around all
of that in your first session?
If not, it will be important
to look at that today.
>> Yeah I didn't really get any
answers to why I felt that way.
Yeah, I don't think so, no.
>> You said at the very
beginning of our talk,
I'm here to help myself,
and I'm here to help others.
Maybe how that looks like,
or how you're visualizing
that moving into your future?
>> I've always had a really keen
interest in holistic health.
Health is not a one
dimensional thing.
It's like your spiritual
health, your mental well-being,
your physical
well-being, what you're
putting in your body, what
you're consuming, not just food
but like content and everything.
And that's my path that I
want to go down, show people
how to live in a holistic
way, and to really
find their true self.
They say you find your
purpose in your pain,
and my pain has been
trying to find my purpose.
I would love to help others
who feel the same as me
or feel lost.
>> It seems to me like you're
helping people find the answers
and then put actions
into the answers.
Is that correct?
>> 100% yeah.
>> Thank you for sharing
this journey with me.
I really appreciate, Ryan,
opening up and sharing
all of this with me.
>> It's all good
>> So let's get
into your session.
Let's get that computer rolling.
Let's get all of those programs,
all of those downloads,
and all the answer clarity, and
whatever healing you need today.
Sound good?
>> Yeah, sounds great.
>> Are you excited?
>> I am.
Let's do it.
Very dry.
Not like sand but like dust.
Really sort of like hard.
I'm wearing like sandals.
>> And let's just see
your sensor energy.
What are you wearing
on your body?
>> Just like a material, sor of
fashioned into a tunic almost.
>> What color is this?
>> Like a faded type of white.
>> How does that
feel on your body?
>> It's quite like rough.
>> It's not really
looking for the story,
it's just about allowing
the story to unfold.
It's about looking
for embodying him.
>> Does it feel male or female?
>> It feels male.
Sort of like in the 30s.
Quite skinny.
There's a donkey, or
something with me.
Just felt like a
very normal guy.
Very skinny, very--
not frail, but not
like really strong or
anything, so just very normal,
very average.
Looks like there's like
a small town ahead.
I'm walking a mule,
looks like a mule.
Got some stuff on its back.
A funny feeling like going
to trade stuff in this town.
I don't think I
live in the town.
I think I'm going there
to like get stuff.
I'm walking into the town.
>> Walking into that town,
>> What happens next?
>> Busy, very busy.
It's like a lot of people,
like an outdoor market.
I went to the market and
I knew a couple of people,
and they sort of knew me.
I was obviously a regular there.
Just asking me how I am.
How're your family and stuff.
I'm like yeah, all good.
I'm giving him
some stuff and then
he's gaving me back some stuff.
I think I grew like a
certain type of food or fruit
or something.
And then I'll exchange
it for this other food.
>> Anything else of
significance in this place,
in this market place you wish
to explore before we move on?
I want you to move
to the place where
you live in that life
as that man wearing
the sandals and the tunic.
You can see in
senses very clearly.
So you're now standing
outside the place
where you eat and sleep.
>> It's like a clay hut.
It's kind of like a house.
It's really small.
There's a woman there,
I'm assuming it's my wife.
Just like some
bread, like a fish
is in the center of the table.
>> And who's joining you for
the meal, or do you eat alone?
>> No, it's me, my
wife, and my son.
Got like a little boy.
>> Describe the little boy.
What does he look like?
How do you sense him?
>> Very tan skin.
Brown eyes and dark hair.
Six or seven.
Looks pretty happy.
It was a very simple existence.
We lived in this
little mud house.
It's just beautiful.
It was just, I was so
content with what we had.
And our little son, and
she was cooking the food,
and she just loved me and I
loved her and we loved our life
together, and it was so simple.
>> So at first I
just feel or sensing,
what's going on, this
is an ordinary story.
An ordinary past life,
and then all of a sudden
in come the soldiers.
>> There's like soldiers who've
walked up on like horses.
Roman centurion type,
wearing red cloaks
with like armor on them.
>> What happens next?
>> I kind of tell my wife
just to stay in the house.
It's like not good
that they're here.
Like I'm quite nervous.
Just asking me like how long
I've lived here, like what I do.
I said, grow things.
Then one of them starts
kicking stuff in my garden.
>> What happens next?
>> He wants to go in
my house to see what--
it's almost like he's checking
to see if I'm hiding something.
>> In come those Roman soldiers
that he perceives on the horses,
and you know something really
bad is going to happen here
in this past life.
You can tell by his body,
you can tell with the pause,
you just know, here it comes.
Searching, searching
for something.
What happens next?
>> I don't know if they--
I don't think they
speak my language.
I think one of them does, but
the rest of them don't seem to.
Because they are like
talking amongst themselves
and I don't seem to understand
what they're saying.
I just want them to
leave as soon as possible
'cause I'm starting to like
get a bit scared that--
for my wife and
my kid and stuff.
Because there's no way I can
defend them against these guys,
they're pretty scary.
I'm trying to like appease them.
Trying to be nice to
them, and show them
that I'm not doing
anything wrong.
>> They're searching,
they are here.
You're feeling helpless, scared.
What happens next?
>> Start getting
really aggressive.
He like flips the table over.
Starts screaming at me,
screaming at my wife.
Grabs her by the hair.
Starts dragging her.
I'm chasing after him,
grabbing his arm, get off her.
He hits me in the
face with his elbow.
These soldiers came, and
took her outside basically,
and wanted something from
me that I had no idea what
they were talking about.
This woman's life is on the
line who's my entire being.
I felt so helpless in that
moment, felt so helpless.
How I could save her,
I just did not know.
Said you better tell
me what I want to know
or I'm going to kill your wife.
Takes the sword out of his
sheath, puts it to her neck.
I scream at him, I don't know
what you're talking about.
Someone in the
market has told them
that I'm the person that knows
where it is or knows who it is.
Actually I think they're
going to kill her.
I don't know what to do.
My little boy's like
watching us, crying.
Just keeps saying, I'm going
to do it, I'm going to do it.
I'm like, I can't tell
you stuff I don't know.
The other guys are telling
the other one like come on,
there's like nothing here.
There's just this one guy who
just seems to not want to leave.
Still got my wife.
Just got that look of a guy
who doesn't give a shit.
>> What do you
sense happens next?
>> He cuts her throat.
She's just like choking
on her own blood.
All the dirt has just
turned like black--
blood like.
Son's crying in the
background, screaming.
I actually can't believe what
the fuck's just happened there.
So that love I was talking
about before, this woman is
like my world, and she's my
life, and I just was like,
It actually didn't even
feel real, I was like,
how has this just happened?
One minute she's here,
one minute she's not.
She's just bleeding in the dirt.
How has my whole life been
ripped apart in minutes?
I don't understand.
Yeah.
>> Ryan is not a father or
a husband in this lifetime.
He had no conscious
awareness of carrying
that emotion, and that guilt,
and that deep, deep levels
of grief.
He'd never experienced that
grief in this lifetime,
and there you go.
He'd been carrying this trauma
and that emotion unconsciously
from that lifetime, from that
past life, all the way affecting
him probably in
his everyday life
without even knowing about it.
>> Yeah, I just keep
saying I'm sorry.
So, so sorry.
>> Let's move away
from that day.
And you're drifting and floating
to another important day
in that life as that man.
>> I'm in a crowd of
people at the market town.
Sort of like a riot, or like
a protest, or something.
Everyone's shouting
and screaming.
I think it's something
to do with money,
maybe some sort of tax.
I hate them so much.
>> You hate them?
>> There's not much I could do.
These guys are like strong,
and they're trained,
and they've got weapons,
and like not a hope.
It would be like
a suicide mission.
>> You want to kill them
but they have an army.
They have training,
and they have swords.
>> What happens next?
>> Someone starts
throwing rocks at them.
>> Rocks?
>> That really pisses them off.
And like all these soldiers
come out of nowhere.
They have shields and stuff.
To be honest, I have a sense of
like I don't even care anymore.
They're just like a--
they've done so much to me like
I'm-- fucking hate them so much
and like life has
just been so hard.
If they're going to kill me,
I don't really even care.
A feeling of like,
I just, I hate this.
We can't do anything.
Straight onto your stomach
in the dirt, like an animal,
like a dog, and they
just picked up the,
I think it was like the fighting
age males, dragged them out
of there, and God
knows where they went.
And they left like
the weak and the old.
So that made you feel
even more worthless,
and it was just horrendous.
>> Let's drift and float
away from that day.
And I want you to move to the
most important day in that life
you're viewing, the
most important day.
>> Like a really old man now.
I've got like a walking stick
and kind of hunched over.
>> What's your
understanding of your son?
Is he here with you now in this
town, or is he somewhere else?
>> No, I think
he's gone, he left.
He just hated the
place too much,
because of what happened
with his mom, Everything--
he moved on somewhere else.
My life just seems so like
hard and what's the point?
Life had really taken a toll
on me, used me like a punchbag,
and this was the
end result of it.
This old man who
was just ruined.
He hated life, he hated these
foreign invaders, just hated
what they'd done to him.
Not a lot of love left in that
guy's heart, and it was hard.
>> This pain has come up for
Ryan in the interview several
times, about what's the poin?
I feel this need to unplug.
What's the point?
>> I just feel so angry
at like the world,
and like angry at the way
my life has turned out,
and such a miserable existence.
>> I now move Ryan on to
the last day of his life.
He's fearful of dying alone.
I'm lying in bed,
and actually my son
is actually here to say goodbye,
which actually means a lot.
I thought I was going
to die alone for a while
there, to be honest.
Gives me a lot of comfort.
He's a lot bigger
than what I was.
He's quite handsome as
well, good looking guy.
He doesn't look as
angry anymore either.
Quite happy and I think he's
found what I had with his mom.
I was really ready to
let go at that point.
And I could feel
that, and that was
my final it's a gift of "hey
dad, I'm going to be OK.
I've turned into this man
that I was supposed to be."
Your job is done type of
thing, and it was great.
>> The son goes on to
explain how he's not bitter.
He's not angry anymore,
because he found happiness.
And that gave Ryan so
much peace and fulfillment
knowing that his son
found what he couldn't
seem to find in that lifetime.
Do you communicate
anything with each other
now, before you take your
last breath in that life?
>> I just tell him like I love
him and don't make the mistakes
that I did.
Don't have any regrets,
don't hold on to--
don't let that anger like
consume you and that bitterness.
Don't waste your life.
That was my final
parting message
from that lifetime was,
don't waste your time.
Don't suffer and wither away.
>> So many people spend their
entire lives after abuse,
or tragedy, or
some instant grief,
wasting their life
in that lifetime.
Acknowledge it, move on,
allow it, accept it, whatever.
But don't be stagnant.
Don't be in limbo.
Don't waste your life.
May I speak to Ryan's
subconscious, please?
>> Yes.
>> So the subconscious is the
part of the mind that holds all
of these reasons.
That's now why has it brought
Ryan to that lifetime,
and why it was so
important for him to see
that lifetime at this moment.
Is there any
similarities in that life
he's just lived, and his
current lifetime as Ryan?
Any similarities at all?
>> Yes, there is.
Ryan really struggles with why
does life have to be so hard?
Why can't it just be easy
like some people have it?
>> How'd you feel he
did in that past life?
>> A lot of people would have
taken their own life in that
situation.
He was actually a
lot stronger than he
thought he was in that life.
It takes a very strong person to
take up every day of their life,
still walk about, still even
take care of themselves.
The fact that he
even got up every day
to take care of himself,
to eat, to wash,
that takes a lot of
strength within itself.
>> What would you suggest he
could have done differently
in that life in order for him
to be very well and happy?
>> He could have moved
away with his son.
He could have found another
wife and try to find love again.
Practice detachment, and instead
of grieving and letting her go,
he let that consume him.
But he could have
found happiness again,
he could have found love again.
There was plenty of
choices that I had,
but I decided to stay with the
grief, and stay with the pain,
and just let it consume my life.
>> Acknowledge it,
accept it, and move on.
Let it go.
Because this is something
we all can do sometimes,
is hang on to that trauma.
And it can eat us alive,
it can destroy our lives.
>> He feels that he has a lot to
offer the world, which he does.
But that adds a lot of pressure.
Certain people are going to
be drawn to him, especially
like ex-soldiers and
things like that.
They're going to
be attracted to go
to him for certain
types of healing
because he's a very normal guy.
When he's not doing that, when
he's not progressing towards
that, that's where this whole
"what is the point" comes from.
When we're actually
on our path, when
we're living her purpose, what
we're here to actually do,
our whole energy shifts
and that becomes our fuel.
Instead of the
frustration and the,
why am I here, what's the point?
We use that fuel, that
motivation of our purpose,
it makes us happy
because we're actually
here making a difference.
>> What would you like to say
to Ryan, before we finish up?
>> We love you.
We're proud of you.
We can see, we know
the things that you're
going to do in this life,
and we just love you.
The future is what you make it.
And if I'm going at it
from a negative perspective
with a negative inner
dialogue, that's
the future that I'm
going to create,
and I'm going to narrow
my possibilities just
like in that previous
life where he only chose
one path because
he was engrossed
with grief and negativity.
Really powerful session for me,
and I will carry that forward
into my life.
>> Did it feel long?
Did it feel short, Ryan?
>> Two hours?
>> So it was two hours and
45 minutes by my clock,
approximately 2:45.
I loved that he came today
with this block about what's
next, what's next,
and being stuck again.
It's a powerful
reminder for all of us
that we all have this
innate power within us,
and we do matter.
And the actions and
thoughts that we
do as individuals matter,
matter on a global collective.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So it's been two weeks since
my session, and I feel great.
What I took from it was
about taking action and not
letting your circumstances
dictate the rest of your life.
I have now found a
place to do my business,
and that session really made
it clear what I need to do.
I've really noticed
when you're on your path
and you're doing the
thing that you're
supposed to do in this
life that things just
flow, things flow
really, really easily,
and everything's very cohesive.
And I'm finding flow
with the universe
and what I'm supposed
to be doing here.
So yeah, I'm really
enjoying myself.
So the big thing that
came up with my session
was, don't waste your life.
In my past life,
circumstances happened to me
in a negative way,
and I let that dictate
the rest of my life, and I
chose not to take any action
to better my circumstances.
Even though your
circumstances aren't what
you want them to be right
now, let's take some action
and put yourself out there
and see what happens,
and that's exactly
what's happened for me.
So I just want to say a
big thank you to Triona.
I definitely had a big
journey into my soul.
And I'm really looking forward
to this next chapter of my life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]